Follow the txt file with the name have flow behind than only read the usecase
Only Create .tsx file no css - See the View\components

*Admin Main Page*
First Page will be showing the Login Page 
Than move on to the 4 part but will go in application page first than move on

Admin page will be given into 4 part 
    1. Relationship : ( Handle User Relationship that are really hapenning in a bad way )
        - This use case allows the NGO admin to view a dashboard showing the health status 
          for each family,view analysis insights, flags family at-risk & provide support recommendations.
    2. Applications : ( Handle application for relationship and check the details )
        - This use case allows NGO staff to review youth adoption applications, assess their 
          sincerity and decides whether approve to reject their application.
    3. Reports : ( Two Big Part : Family Advisor Consultations ( For the Relationship having problem but they cant solve together ) 
                    and Safety ALerts ( Something happening very serious between the both user like violance or more ) )
        - This use case describes how admin receives and handles safety concern reports 
          submitted by users through UC-401: Report Safety Concern. And This use case allows 
          both elderly and young adults to consult a family advisor when in need of guidance, 
          support or mediation in their intergenerational relationship. Users can submit consultation 
          requests describing their concerns, and the system matches with an available advisor. The 
          advisor reviews the request and schedules a consultation session.
    4. Keyword Management : ( Monify the keyword when user is chatting )
        - This use case allows admin to manage safety keywords. AI suggests new keywords based 
          on detected patterns, and admin can choose to add them or manually add/remove keywords.

UC1 : Login
    UI
        1. UseCase1UI.png

/*
Header for Admin Page : 
 Left : HOMESWEETHOME 
 Middle : Relationship > Application > Reports > Keyword Management
 Right : Notification Button > Admin Profile
*/

UC500 : Applications Page   
    UI
        Main Page
        1. UC500_1.png
        2. UC500_2.png

        Function Page ( After Clicking Into the User Profile )
        1. review(1).png
        2. request.png
        3. reject.png
        4. approve.png
